CWB-NC LICENSE

This is the License agreement for the Concurrency Workbench
of North Carolina hereafter referred to as the CWB-NC or the 
software.

NOTICE: Do not use this software until you have read the 
following license agreement.  By proceeding beyond this screen, you 
certify that you have read, understood, and accepted all terms and 
conditions in the license agreement.  This license must not be
removed from the distribution directory.

Rights Granted

The CWB-NC is being made available to you by North Carolina
State University (NCSU) under a site license.  You may network
the software on as many workstations at your site as you wish,
but it may not be used at all off-site.  You may not use the
software as the basis for a commercial product of any kind
without prior permission of NCSU.  You may merge the software
with other programs but you may not distribute any program that
contains the software.  You may make as many copies of the
software as needed for installation on workstations at your
site and for backup purposes, but no more.  You may not reverse
engineer, decompile, rewrite or otherwise modify the software
in order to derive a benefit not granted by this license.

Copyright

The software and documentation have been copyrighted by North
Carolina State University (NCSU) and are protected by United
States Copyright Law from unauthorized duplication.  Title to
the software, including all intellectual property (copyrights,
trademarks and patentable material) shall remain with North
Carolina State University at all times.  If you make any copies
of the software, NCSU's copyright notices shall be included on
the copies.  If you publish results of your use of the
software, you will include NCSU's copyright notice on such
publications and will acknowledge the authors and NCSU as the 
source of the software.  

No Support

No support is provided for this software.

Warranty and Limitation of Liability

You acknowledge and understand that the software and related
documentation are provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any
kind.  NCSU EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THE
WARRANTY THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE THE
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE , SHALL NCSU BE
LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR
RELATED DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF NCSU HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Legal Agreement

This is a legal agreement between you and NCSU. Should any
dispute arise under this agreement, such dispute shall be
settled according to the laws of the State of North Carolina.
You agree to abide by all of the terms as stated herein. 
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH EVEN ONE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO
NOT USE THIS SOFTWARE.
